Add meta description to docs (#2316)
MithrilJS/mithril.js: docs/support.md

<!--meta

> Where to find help with problems related to MithrilJS

Reviewer: Same as above.

```suggestion
Where to find help with problems related to Mithril
```

> Where can I find help, if I have problems using MithrilJS

Author: ```suggestion
Where can I find help, if I have problems using MithrilJS?
```

> Where can I find help, if I have problems using MithrilJS?

Reviewer 2: Could you recast this into a statement or descriptive fragment instead of a question? Maybe something like this, although you can go with something else if you'd prefer:

```suggestion
Where to find help with problems related to MithrilJS
```
